blastx -query subset100_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset100_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset101_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset101_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset102_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset102_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset103_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset103_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset104_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset104_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset105_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset105_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset106_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset106_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset107_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset107_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset108_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset108_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset109_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset109_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset10_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset10_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset110_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset110_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset111_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset111_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset112_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset112_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset113_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset113_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset114_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset114_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset115_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset115_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset116_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset116_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset117_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset117_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset118_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset118_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset119_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset119_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset11_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset11_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset120_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset120_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset121_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset121_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset122_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset122_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset123_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset123_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset124_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset124_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset125_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset125_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset126_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset126_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset127_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset127_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset128_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset128_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset129_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset129_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset12_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset12_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset130_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset130_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset131_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset131_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset132_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset132_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset133_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset133_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset134_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset134_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset135_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset135_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset136_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset136_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset137_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset137_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset138_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset138_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset139_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset139_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset13_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset13_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset140_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset140_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset141_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset141_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset142_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset142_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset143_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset143_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset144_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset144_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset145_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset145_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset146_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset146_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset147_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset147_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset148_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset148_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset149_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset149_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset14_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset14_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset150_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset150_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset151_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset151_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset152_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset152_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset153_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset153_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset154_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset154_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset155_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset155_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset156_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset156_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset157_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset157_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset158_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset158_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset159_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset159_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset15_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset15_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset160_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset160_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset161_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset161_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset162_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset162_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset163_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset163_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset164_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset164_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset165_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset165_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset166_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset166_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset167_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset167_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset168_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset168_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset169_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset169_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset16_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset16_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset170_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset170_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset171_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset171_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset172_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset172_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset173_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset173_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset174_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset174_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset175_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset175_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset176_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset176_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset177_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset177_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset178_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset178_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset179_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset179_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset17_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset17_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset180_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset180_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset181_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset181_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset182_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset182_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset183_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset183_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset184_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset184_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset185_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset185_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset186_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset186_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset187_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset187_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset188_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset188_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset189_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset189_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset18_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset18_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset190_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset190_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset19_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset19_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset1_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset1_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset20_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset20_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset21_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset21_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset22_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset22_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset23_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset23_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset24_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset24_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset25_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset25_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset26_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset26_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset27_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset27_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset28_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset28_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset29_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset29_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset2_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset2_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset30_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset30_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset31_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset31_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset32_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset32_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset33_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset33_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset34_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset34_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset35_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset35_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset36_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset36_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset37_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset37_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset38_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset38_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset39_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset39_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset3_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset3_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset40_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset40_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset41_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset41_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset42_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset42_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset43_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset43_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset44_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset44_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset45_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset45_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset46_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset46_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset47_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset47_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset48_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset48_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset49_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset49_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset4_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset4_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset50_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset50_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset51_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset51_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset52_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset52_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset53_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset53_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset54_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset54_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset55_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset55_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset56_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset56_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset57_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset57_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset58_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset58_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset59_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset59_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset5_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset5_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset60_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset60_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset61_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset61_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset62_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset62_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset63_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset63_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset64_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset64_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset65_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset65_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset66_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset66_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset67_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset67_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset68_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset68_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset69_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset69_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset6_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset6_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset70_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset70_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset71_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset71_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset72_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset72_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset73_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset73_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset74_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset74_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset75_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset75_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset76_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset76_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset77_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset77_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset78_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset78_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset79_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset79_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset7_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset7_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset80_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset80_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset81_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset81_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset82_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset82_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset83_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset83_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset84_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset84_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset85_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset85_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset86_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset86_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset87_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset87_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset88_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset88_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset89_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset89_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset8_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset8_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset90_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset90_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset91_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset91_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset92_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset92_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset93_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset93_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset94_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset94_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset95_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset95_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset96_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset96_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset97_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset97_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset98_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset98_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset99_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset99_transcriptome.fasta.br
blastx -query subset9_transcriptome.fasta -db uniprot_sprot.fasta -evalue 0.0001 -num_threads 4 -num_descriptions 5 -num_alignments 5 -out subset9_transcriptome.fasta.br
